Royal Flush - 10, J, Q, K, A (same suit)
Straight Flush - 5 consecutive cards (same suit)
4 of a kind - 4 of the same card (different suits)
Full house - 3 of the same card (different suits) and 2 of the same card (different suits)
Flush - Any 5 cards (same suit)
Straight - 5 consecutive cards (different suits)
3 of a kind - 3 of the same card (different suits)
2 pair - 2 of the same card (different suits) and a different 2 of the same card (different suits)
Pair - 2 of the same card (different suits)
High card - Garbage hand

1. Place starting bets ("ante up")
  a. The player next to the dealer typically places a small blind bet that’s half of the usual minimum bet and the person to the left places a big blind that's at least the minimum bet
  b. both players place a minimum starting bet into the pool
2. Dealer "burns" first card on the deck (removing top most card to prevent card counting) and passes 2 cards to each player starting from left to right
3. Bet, call, or raise after each round
  a. "Bet" - place an initial bet if no one else has
  b. "Check" - to avoid betting
  c. "Call" - to match someone else's bet
  d. "Raise" - to add money to the pool, all other players must either call or fold
4. Dealer "burns" the top card of the deck and places 3 cards face up (the "flop"), these are community cards that all players can use to build their hand, then place a bet, call a bet, or fold.
5. Dealer "burns" the top card of the deck and places 1 card face up next to the flop, this is called the "turn" card, then place a bet, call a bet, or fold.
6. Dealer "burns" the top card of the deck and places 1 card face up next to the turn, this is called the "river" card, then place a bet, call a bet, or fold.
7. After each player calls, folds, or bets in the last round, each remaining player will participate in the “showdown” starting to the left of the dealer
  a. If there is a tie, the tied players split the pot.
  b. If you fold your hand, then you don’t have to show your cards.
